♪ I swam all
around the world ♪
♪ I've seen this ocean
on my own ♪
♪ And then I found
my way to Reeftown ♪
♪ And I knew that
I'd found my home ♪
♪ I met my friend
Bubbles here ♪
♪ Our friendship
is the best ♪
[all]
♪ Oh, dive in ♪
- ♪ Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
[all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us
and see it all ♪
♪ With pals
like Dunk and Ripple ♪
♪ We'll explore
this world together ♪
[both] ♪ When you share
adventures with your friends ♪
♪ It makes them
so much better ♪
[all] ♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ We're making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ In this world
beyond belief ♪
[all] ♪ Come see
the greatest reef ♪
♪ Oh, dive in,
Splash and Bubbles ♪
- ♪ Dive in ♪
- [all] ♪ Start making friends
in the ocean ♪
♪ Come along with us,
dive right in ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪
[laughter]
So, big day!
Ha ha! Very big!
The Reeftown Rangers Rally Race
only comes once a year.
You guys ready?
Oh, you'd better be,
'cause today is my day.
I can't lose if I have this
with me.
Uh, a rock?
Not just any rock.
My lucky rock!
Whew! Who was there with me
when I won my first race?
- We were.
- Who was there with me
when I won the big
Reeftown art contest?
Uh, we were.
No. Lucky! My lucky rock!
It brings me luck.
Uh, well, I'm glad
all those good things
happened for you, Dunk,
but I don't think
it's because of a rock.
Yeah, and besides, it doesn't
matter who wins the race.
It just matters that we're
having fun with our friends.
- [all] Yeah!
- Whoo-hoo!
♪ Do do doo do do,
do do do ♪
♪ Hanging with friends
on the continental shelf ♪
♪ Shake a fin, swim on in,
and tell us about yourself ♪
I'm Splash, a fusilier.
You know I'm mobile.
♪ I really love to explore ♪
I'm going global.
Bubbles, that's me!
I'm a mandarin dragonet.
Do I like stuff
that's gross and gooey?
You bet!
♪ Hanging with friends
from near and far ♪
♪ Time to shine,
friend of mine ♪
♪ Tell us who you are ♪
I'm the artist known as Dunk.
That's one talent I've got.
♪ I'm a pufferfish
and I know a lot about a lot ♪
Ripple, I'm a seahorse.
♪ I work well with others ♪
♪ That's 'cause
I have 499 brothers ♪
♪ Hanging with friends,
we love to explore ♪
we're always looking for more ♪
♪ When we get together,
the fun never ends ♪
♪ 'Cause nothing is better ♪
♪ Than hanging with friends ♪
♪ Do do doo do do,
do do do ♪
[all cheering]
Is everybody ready to race?
Wait. Hang on.
[grunting]
Uh, Dunk, are you sure you
want to bring that rock?
It looks kind of, um, heavy.
Yeah.
It doesn't make any sense.
Carrying a rock isn't
going to bring you luck.
It's gonna weigh you down.
Clearly, neither of you
understand luck.
It doesn't have to make sense.
I'll be fine.
[grunts]
All right. Suit yourself.
First one that gets back
to the arch wins!
- Yeah!
- Let's do this!
- Yeah. Okay. Here we go.
- Okay.
- Ready?
- Uh-huh.
- Set?
- Uh-huh!
- Go!
- Yeah! Whoo!
- Watch out! Here I come!
- Not before I do!
All right, Lucky, if you have
any luck left in you,
now would be a good time
to use it.
Any second now.
Any time would be great!
[all cheering]
- Okay, that was great!
- Great race, everybody.
Yeah! Great job, Bubbles!
Great job, Ripple!
Great job, Dunk!
Great--
uh, where's Dunk?
Uh...
Oh! There he is! Over there!
He's sinking!
Drop the rock, Dunk!
I can't. This rock is lucky!
Oof!
Oh, boy.
Okay, we're coming, buddy.
- Aww.
- Ah, hmm.
Oh, is that you, Dunk?
Yep. I don't understand
what happened.
I had my lucky rock
and everything,
- but it didn't help.
- Oh, don't worry, Dunk.
Maybe today just isn't
your lucky day.
You know what, Ripple?
I think you're right.
Today isn't my lucky day.
Which can only mean one thing.
Uh, tomorrow will be better?
It means my rock
is no longer lucky.
Ha. Now that I've gotten rid
of that,
my luck should be
getting better any-- oh!
Second. [sighs]
[gasps] It's back!
It's following me!
Dunk, all you did was throw it
above your head,
and it came back down.
It must be more powerful
than I thought.
But I'll get rid of it yet.
Wha-- uh-oh. I--
- Uh...
- Dunk?
Yeesh.
[Dunk straining]
Okay.
Maybe I couldn't throw it
high enough to keep it
away from me,
but let's see it come back
from all the way up here.
Ha-ha! Yeah!
Uh, are you sure about that,
Dunk?
Yeah. It's great.
It's a great idea.
Dunk, I'm glad
you're happy now,
but I think you should know
that that rock was just a rock.
Right. So you're saying
the rock wasn't lucky?
That's right.
You got it, Dunk.
Agreed,
the rock used to be lucky,
and now it's not,
which is why I got rid of it.
[all, skeptical]
Uhh... okay.
- Oh, boy.
- Hmm.
♪ Ba-ba-da-ba-ba-bum ♪
Oh! Hey! What's going on here?
Wha-- where'd you come from?
Huh.
- Hey, Maury.
- Huh? Oh, hi, guys.
Listen, did any of you
lose this rock?
It just kind of showed up here.
[gasps and stammers]
But I got rid of it! How?
Okay, this is just getting
too weird.
Maybe there is something
to that rock.
What do you mean?
Wh-- what something?
This rock
used to bring me luck.
And now it doesn't.
Luck, huh?
[sighs]
I've never had much luck.
It sounds like this rock
is very, very special.
I mean,
if you don't want it anymore,
I can be a pal and take it.
Thanks, Maury. I need
to bring back my good luck,
which means I need
to take this rock to a place
where it will never return.
Uh, where's that?
Well, putting it high
didn't work,
so I'm gonna have to put it
down low.
Wha-- are you gonna
throw the rock into the deep?
Not deep enough.
I'm gonna throw this rock
into...
the Mountain of Fire!
Wait, wait, you're gonna
throw it into a volcano?
Will that even work?
Oh, it'll definitely work.
The magma inside a volcano
can reach temperatures
up to 2,400 degrees!
More than hot enough
to melt rocks.
Yeah, in fact, magma itself
is made out of melted rock
from way underneath
the ocean floor.
I guess, but, Dunk,
just so I have this straight,
you're having the unluckiest day
of your life,
and your plan is to travel to
the edge of an active volcano?
Yep. What could go wrong?
- Uh...
- [laughing]
Umm...
Uh... yeah.
Maybe we should go with him
just to be safe.
Yeah. Good idea.
Huh.
That rock sure is special.
Are you sure about this,
Dunk?
'Cause whatever you want
to do,
we'll be there for you, buddy.
[sighs]
I've come this far.
I'm not backing down now.
Hmph.
Oh, I can't let them melt
that lucky rock.
It's much too... special.
[whimpering]
- Whew.
- Oh, boy.
Okay, volcano.
I've brought you an unlucky rock
to melt down
and add to your magma
collection, so...
here it goes.
Uh, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait.
Uh, how far down
does this volcano go, again?
Way underneath
the ocean floor.
So pretty far down then.
Uh... you know, Dunk,
good and bad things happen
all the time,
and maybe your rock has nothing
to do with that.
You really think so?
I mean...
- [rumbling]
- [all] Whoa!
Okay, everything's shaking!
We got to go, guys!
- Come on, Dunk!
- Come on!
Wait! My rock!
The magma will melt it for sure!
Dunk, wait,
if you go back there,
your rock isn't the only thing
that'll melt.
It'll be fine.
I have luck on my side.
No, Dunk. Wait.
Buddy, listen to me.
You won your very first race
because Bubbles showed you
how to swim fast, right?
Well, I mean,
that helped, but--
And you won that art contest
because, well,
Ripple found the perfect pebble
for your sculpture.
It wasn't a lucky rock or shell
or anything else
that helped you.
It was your friends.
So let me help you right now.
[sighs] Okay. Let's go.
Come on, Dunk.
Come on, buddy.
[gasps] The rock!
It's mine!
Oh, I'm finally gonna
have good luck.
[coughing]
Ugh, now I can't see.
So much for good luck.
Maury, what are you
doing here? Come on!
We gotta go! Hurry!
Okay!
- [all panting]
- Oh, boy.
Thanks, guys.
That was a close one.
Oh, no problem, Maury.
But what were you doing
up there?
Oh, well, I was-- I was really
hoping that some of that luck
from the rock would rub off
on, well, me.
But that's the thing, Maury.
This really smart fish
once reminded me
that every time something good
happened to me,
it wasn't because of the rock.
It was because of my friends
being there to help me
every step of the way.
So, maybe instead of worrying
about lucky rocks
or lucky shells or whatever,
having good friends by your side
is the luckiest charm
a fish can have.
So, let me just check--
what you're saying is
you don't want this rock
anymore, right?
I mean, you don't mind
if I keep it? Or...
Nope. It's all yours.
I have all the luck I need
right here.
Oh, yay!
Oh, wonderful.
But maybe I'll give it
another rub for good luck.
Heh. Just in case.
[all laugh]
Good morning,
Reeftown residents!
It's going to be
a fin-tastic day!
Good morning,
Denny and Maury!
- Oh, hi, Mayor Sting.
- Morning, Mayor Sting.
How's that teeth cleaning
coming along?
Oh, you know...
[muttering]
Oh, good one, Maury!
He says, "A cleaner shrimp a day
keeps the parasites away."
- [mumbling] I did say that!
- Excellent!
Keep up the good work.
- Okay, bye, Mayor Sting.
- Bye, Mayor Sting.
That should do it for now.
Go ahead and rinse.
[gulps, gargles]
Perfect. Now spit.
Mm. Mm. Mmm?
- [spits]
- Whoa!
Denny, you're right!
My teeth feel good as new.
So, Maury,
what's the news today?
Oh, uh, well, it's so early,
I haven't gotten any news yet,
but I'll go sniff around.
- Okay, bye!
- Bye!
- Morning.
- Good morning.
Hi, guys!
Have you heard the news today?
News? What is it?
You know, the scoop.
The haps. The word on the reef.
We know what news is.
But we don't know today's news.
Well, that's because today,
I want you to tell me the news.
Us? You're the one
who's always
popping out of caves and stuff
with news.
Hey, look, there's only so much
popping out of caves
one eel can do.
I could use a little help.
Hey, do you want us
to go around Reeftown with you
and help you find news?
That's the idea!
- Sounds great.
- Let's spread out.
Maury, I have an idea.
Follow me to Coral Cove.
- Morning, Gush!
- Oh!
- Hey, do you have any news?
Well, so far today,
I've been sitting completely
still waiting for food.
Is that news?
Uhh... how about more stuff
about Reeftown?
Well, why didn't you say so?
You've come to the right
frogfish, my friend.
Oh, do tell.
Do tell. Do tell.
You heard it here first.
Now, not everyone knows this,
but...
Yeah? Yeah? Yeah?
The reef... is made...
of over 1,000
kinds of coral!
Uh, yeah,
that's great information,
but everyone here
already knows that.
Well, it's always good to be
reminded of the facts, eh?
Yeah. I think Maury was hoping
for something everybody
doesn't already know.
Like, for example,
I don't know
who your new friend is
over there.
- What new friend?
- Yeah. What do you mean?
I mean where have you been
hiding this purple frogfish?
Hello. Name's Maury.
Welcome to Reeftown.
Maury, that's just some coral,
not another frogfish.
Are you sure?
Frogfish are very good
at camouflage.
Uh, yeah.
Look.
- Good observation, Dunk.
- Oh.
Oh. Oh.
Moray eels don't see so well
during the day.
Yeah.
We're better at night.
Yes. They're nocturnal.
They don't have
the best daytime vision
because they are more active
and use their eyes more
- in the dark at night.
- Really?
Yeah, it's true.
I don't see so well.
- I didn't know that.
- I don't really talk about it.
Anyway, I've gotta go
keep looking for news.
I need something to tell Denny
and all of Reeftown.
Why don't you go ask Ripple?
With all those brothers,
there's gotta be
lots of news in her home.
That's a great idea!
Thanks, papa!
I'll make sure to tell Maury
the news!
Ooh! Oh, boy, oh, boy,
oh, boy, oh, boy!
What's the news?
I need something big!
Well, seahorses prefer
to swim upright
and are too bony and hard
for most predators to digest.
Uh... okay, that's
an interesting fact, but--
Also, their snouts let them
poke into nooks and crannies
for food.
Oh, speaking of that,
you want to go find a snack?
Well, yes on the snack,
always,
but everyone already knows
about seahorses.
[gasps] Hey, what's that?
- Huh?
- I think I see something new.
- Where?
- Well, there.
There's a big, giant fish
swimming toward your home.
Now, that's what I call news.
Uh, no, that is not
one big fish.
- Huh?
- That's 499 little seahorses!
Come on, boys!
I have a surprise!
Look out!
[seahorses chattering]
[sighs] That was close. Whoa!
Yeah, I didn't see
that one coming.
[sighs] Which could be
the whole problem.
You didn't see that?
Moray eels don't see too
well during the daytime.
But we sure have a strong sense
of smell.
Really? I never knew that.
[sniffs]
In fact, my sniffer tells me
there's a snack around here
somewhere.
I never knew you had such
a good sense of smell, Maury.
Huh? Oh, well,
I don't really tell anyone.
Just a basic
moray eel fact of life.
Now, I'm off to find...
Some real news?
Hmm, let's see.
Can't really think of any--
[stammering] Excuse me.
Pthewy!
Uh, did you just spit out
a small white rock?
- Uh, well, actually, Maury--
- Because if Zee the shark
is eating rocks,
that is news, I tell ya!
Now, this is something
I can report.
- It's just a tooth.
- Yeah.
A tooth? A tooth?!
It fell right out of your head?!
That's even bigger news!
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Losing teeth is very normal
for a shark.
It happens every day.
- [stammering]
- Yeah. True.
I guess we knew that.
But would that still be news,
Maury?
No, I guess not.
Are you sure it wasn't a rock?
Huh?
[gasps]
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
What's that thing out there?
Where?
I don't see anything.
No, no. Look out there.
See right there?
Are you telling me
that that's not
a giant acanthaster sea star,
ready to eat all the coral
on the reef?
I really don't think so.
Wha'? It's huge!
I can see it already.
It's not that far away.
Do you mean this?
Uh, I guess it looks different
right next to you.
Ugh.
I really need some news.
Maybe I've lost my touch.
Don't look at me, Splash.
I can't find anything today.
- Ugh!
- How do you usually find news?
Oh, well, let's see.
I sit real still,
- know what I mean?
- Yeah?
Yeah, and I wait.
Know what I mean?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, and pretty soon,
news just finds me,
know what I mean?
- Yeah!
- Yeah.
- Uh, no.
- Oh. Uh...
I'm not usually sitting
and waiting for very long.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
But I'll sit
and wait with you anyway.
Aw, Splash!
You're a great friend.
And you're a good sitter
and waiter for news.
Oh, well, I don't want
to brag, but...
you know, moray eels are
very good at this sort of thing.
We're good at sitting still.
Mm-hmm.
[groans sadly]
Yeah, you sure are.
Yellowback fusiliers are
more of an active type, though,
so you mind if I take
a quick break to go see
- what the others are up to?
- Oh, sure.
Just holler
if you find any news!
Ah, well, you know I will.
Thanks, Splash!
[snoring]
[murmurs] Have you heard?
Have you heard?
[snores]
[murmurs] Who's got the news?
Pretty, pretty eel.
- Hey, Maury!
- Hi, Maury!
Aah!
- Oh, oh, it's you guys.
- We came back to check on you.
Yeah. You've been here
on the sandy bed all day.
Yeah, well, I wanted some news
to report about Reeftown,
but I can't find anything.
- Aww, that's too bad.
- Yeah.
And it's all because I can't
see so well.
You see, my eyes are better
at night,
and I have to use my nose
to tell me what's going on
during the day.
Yeah, we all know that now,
but why didn't we know that
before today?
I guess I didn't want anyone
to know,
because I was kind of shy
about it.
So, most of the creatures
in Reeftown
don't know many facts
about moray eels?
Unh-unh. Not really.
- Maury, that's it!
- It is?
Yeah! That's your news!
None of us knew all those facts
about moray eels.
- That's not news.
- It was to us.
And I think everyone on the reef
would love to hear
about your great sense of smell
and your patience.
So you do have news to share!
Hey, you guys are right!
Well, I'm gonna go tell
the whole reef all about it!
- Yeah!
- Thanks, guys. Here I go!
[chorus] ♪ Shoop, sha-doop,
sha-dooby dooby doop ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ You know I got the scoop,
have you heard? ♪
♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ I'm in the middle
of the loop ♪
♪ My name is Maury,
I'm off to find the story ♪
♪ I'm givin' you
the latest word ♪
♪ What's the word? ♪
♪ I got all the Reeftown
information ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ I'm on my way
to hear what I can hear ♪
♪ No matter where it is,
I'll travel far or near ♪
♪ Oh, I'm so excited,
yes, I'm ready to race ♪
♪ I might turn up
at Take-Off Point ♪
♪ Or at Pebble Place,
have you heard? ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
- ♪ You know I got the scoop ♪
♪ I'm in the middle
of the loop ♪
♪ Hi, my name is Maury,
I'm off to find the story ♪
♪ I'm givin' you
the latest word ♪
♪ What's the word? ♪
♪ If somethin's cookin'
at Coral Cove ♪
♪ That's where I'll be,
or I'll head to Dorsal Park ♪
- ♪ To see what I can see ♪
- Oh!
♪ I'm lookin' for the news ♪
♪ In this part of the ocean ♪
♪ I'm trying to find out
what's all the commotion ♪
♪ I pick up information
as I slither along ♪
♪ Of course I may get
everything wrong ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ Oh, you know
I got the scoop ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
♪ I'm in the middle
of the loop ♪
♪ My name is Maury ♪
♪ I'm off to find the story ♪
♪ I'm givin' you the latest
word ♪
♪ What's the word? ♪
♪ I got all the Reeftown
information ♪
- ♪ Information ♪
- ♪ Have you heard? ♪
- ♪ Uh-huh ♪
Hey, everyone,
have you heard?
News on the reef is
the surprising facts
about moray eels.
- Do tell.
- Oh, I will.
Well, moray eels
have poor eyesight,
but an excellent sense of smell.
And we're great
at holding still
and waiting for as long
as it takes to get the scoop.
Plus, moray eels
are fantastic pals.
Oh, thanks, Denny.
And that wasn't news to us!
- [laughter]
- Well done, Maury!
- Right, guys?
- Yeah!
[all chattering happily]
[upbeat music]
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Da da, da da ♪
♪ Ooh ooh, ooh ooh ♪
♪ Da da da da da ♪